# Frequently Asked Questions

# What is so fun about board games?

Human beings - toddlers, children or adults - like to play by nature. Board game
is a mental & social game. While electronic games are becoming more stimulating
in multiple senses; innovative or unpredictable game-play of people, joke or
laughter with your fellow gamers are what mesmerize people to board games.
Nowadays there are many themes, game mechanics & complexity in the designer
board games catering to different people's tastes and to all ages â€“ children,
family & adults. Hence, you can always find some board games you can enjoy.

# What is so good about playing board games?

As in any game be it sports or inter-human electronic games, player needs to
understand the game rules, understand his/her fellow gamers' style or
inclination, assess situations, weigh options and formulate strategies. Many of
these are useful life skills that you can practice in the fun & safe environment
of board games. If you lose, you can try again without losing an arm or a leg.
Like sports, board game does promote bonding or camaraderie among the players if
played in the right spirit. Additional element of board game is the heavy
exercise of our mental strength, flexibility & endurance. Some of the game
mechanics like negotiation are not even available in electronics game. Depending
on the game title, you may learn about valuation cum investment, risk
management, resource management, pattern recognition cum matching, negotiation,
mind-reading, problem solving, decision making, creative thinking, strategic
thinking, and so on.

# Is it worth spending on board games?

Board game can bring about interpersonal harmony and mental health, as explained
in FAQ 1 & 2. Great board game can be played over and over again, yet having
different game scenario every time and different tactics may need to be applied.
Some games requiring deep or multi-pronged strategies can keep gamers engaged
for years to master. With less than S$100, board game that brings about many
benefits, playable in any place among peers and across generations, without
running cost of battery or electricity, and without the risk of technology
obsolescence, is definitely a worthwhile investment; not to mention great
designer board games that can withstand the challenge of new games, and the test
of time.
