# Mansions of Madness

If you love stories dealing with the Cthulhu Mythos, puzzles, mystery, and
a good old fashioned dungeon crawling experience, then look no further. Mansions
of Madness 2nd edition is the game that checkmarks all of those boxes.

Mansions of Madness 2nd edition is an app-assisted board game for one to five
players that takes two to three hours to complete. This is a unique dungeon
crawling, horror-mystery experience that focuses on clue acquisition, puzzle
completion, and sometimes combat against the monsters of the mythos.

# Arkham Horror

Released by Fantasy Flight Games in 2016, Arkham Horror: The Card Game replaced
the competitive Call of Cthulhu LCG with a new, cooperative game. Instead of
fighting each other, players now team up to tackle the mysteries of Arkham over
a narrative campaign. Throughout their adventures, players will be solving
mysteries and leveling up their investigators. Once again, this expandable card
game follows the Fantasy Flight Games LCG model, so players donâ€™t have to hunt
down rare cards in blind booster packs.

# Shadow Over Normandie

A few weeks after D-Day, a U.S. Ranger Company lost in Normandie has to confront
the terrifying power of the Nazis' Cult of the Black Sun. Allied with an ancient
Deep Ones tribe, the Cult of the Black Sun is preparing a dark ceremony to
summon the great Cthulhu. T

Shadows over Normandie is a squad/platoon sized game based on the Heroes System
and is totally compatible with the Heroes of Normandie board game. The game
features three opposing armies controlled by the players. These forces include
the German Cult of the Black Sun, the ancient Deep Ones, and the U.S. Rangers.
Each force is made up of infantry, tanks or creatures and of course, heroes and
villains. Each unit has its own set of unique characteristics and skills
depicted on the high quality chunky tokens. T
